Modern 1BR apt perched hilltop offering stunning views of the nearby golf course and surrounding mountains in a quiet neighborhood close to Bencab Museum creates a perfect relaxing vibe. Perfect for a couple, specially golfers and adventurists.

More information
The space

Apartment W2 is a spacious 50 square meter apartment featuring custom made solid wood for doors, bed, tables, and kitchen & bathroom counters. Perched hilltop on a private compound, the apartment has an open concept living, kitchenette and dining room which opens to majestic mountain views beyond its private balcony offering a very airy and relaxing vibe. With its modern fittings and original paintings, as well as 600 thread count sheets, and extra fluffy pillows, this apartment is both sexy and comfortable.

Guest access

All the grounds are open to guests as well as a common patio.

Interaction with guests

We live in the property so frequent interaction can't be helped. Feel free to strike up a conversation if you see me, my grandparents or the staff. We are rather chatty though. If you wish to be left alone, please don't feel bad letting us know you wish to take in the views, we definitely understand.

Other things to note

PETS.

We have a Dalmatian and a Mixed breed in the property named Coco and Scotch. They are usually quiet but are very curious and friendly. They love attention so feel free to introduce yourselves. They might bark at first but by letting them smell you and touching their chin, you'll definitely become their best friend in a heartbeat.

If you choose to bring your dog, they can share their enclosure located on the wester edge of the property and gives them enough space to run around.

If you prefer to house your pet privately, we can set up their own cage free of charge. Please do let us know upon booking. We do only have have 1 kennel and is at a first request, first served basis. Bare in mind, if they get too loud, we will ask you to move them inside your vehicle.

Please do not bring your pet inside the building as we pride ourselves in offering an allergen free space. Should you elect to bring your dog in, there is a PHP 7500 and the cost of one night fine for this as we will be renting a steam vacuum after you vacate. Additionally, any damages to the room and its contents will be your responsibility to replace (exact product).

INSECTS.

Please also note that since we are in the mountains, we advise our guests to keep the screens on their windows closed at all times and not leave the door open unattended to minimize the entry of local insects. Though we spray the unit and property frequently to manage the insect population, we ask guests to do their part to control these unwanted visitors.