House Rules
No smoking, Not suitable for pets, No parties or events, Check-in is anytime after 2PM, Check out by 12PM (noon)
Self check-in with building staff
More information
Thank you for choosing Child and Family Services as part of your holiday destination. Every time you choose to stay with us, you also help our goals of upholding the rights and empowerment of women, children, and youth in conflict with the law. Here are a few reminders during your stay:

Please remember to conserve water and electricity. CFSPI has a solar water heater system and hot water is limited to what has been stored in the tank during the day. Please make use of it wisely.

1. No smoking in the rooms. Please smoke at designated areas like the balcony in the guest room.

2. If you want to have a bonfire, kindly let our staff know the morning before so they can prepare the bonfire pit for you. The first bundle of wood is complimentary, but the succeeding bundles are 150 pesos per bundle, or you can also opt to buy wood from the market.

3. We no longer allow dogs in this cabin due to our rules not being followed by irresponsible pet owners. We are very sorry to the responsible pet owners who are affected by this.

4. Breakfast can be provided at Php 150 per head. Kindly let management know ahead of time. Coffee and water is provided at the Dining Hall.

5. Only those listed tenants and guests are allowed to stay in the room. If you have guests kindly let the management know. Guests are only allowed to stay for a limited amount of time.

6. Laundry services are available for a fee. 

7. Observe cleanliness and orderliness in all areas. Changing of linens and cleaning of rooms will be done once a week. 

8. For security reasons, the main gate of the premises will be locked at 9:00 p.m. Please inform the guard or management if you expect to come in late. Lights off at the Dining / Receiving Area will be 10 PM.

9. The CFSPI Staff that can assist you during your stay:
Michael (Front desk)
Crisanta (Housekeeping)
Romeo (Housekeeping)
Johnny (Security)

You must also acknowledge
Must climb stairs