Welcome to our cottage,it is NOT a B&B, NOT a transient house. We live here without maids or helpers. We enjoy sharing it with people looking for a home stay experience. This is our home so we expect our guests to be considerate!
A loft for 1 to 4 people, with a small seating area; it overlooks our living/dining area. The bathroom is below, under the stairs.
PLEASE read ALL the details and house rules before booking.
WE HAVE OTHER LISTING, please check them on "The Space"

More information
The space

The price of the loft is for 3 people however it can accommodate a maximum of 4 people. There are 2 twin beds, which can be put together to make a king size bed. There is a 3rd single bed as well as 1 extra mattress. Breakfast is included. PLEASE let us know how if you want a king bed or singles!
IMPORTANT: the maximum capacity of the loft is 4 people. We do not allow overcrowding!!! 
Note: the room gets warm from April to Jun, so we have a ceiling fan and a cooling fan for the comfort of our guests.
It has a small sitting area, just 2 armchairs and a little side table.
The bathroom is under the stairs.
The loft overlooks our living/dining area and right above our master's bedroom.
FYI; we have another room available in Le Coq Bleu:
https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/1512871?s=ZtFWATDJ suite
as well as 4 more in Le Coq Floral:
https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/16418291?s=ZtFWATDJ sunflower
https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/16418602?s=ZtFWATDJ lavender
https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/16418432?s=ZtFWATDJ leaf
https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/16418539?s=ZtFWATDJ rose

Guest access

The guests have access to our living/dining as well as our balcony.
The kitchen is off limit to our guests, NO COOKING allowed.

Interaction with guests

We are happy to chat with our guests if they wish to interact with us.
We have 3 dogs living with us in the house; they are very sweet and loving. We love peace and quiet, NO events, NO parties allowed! NO noise after 10PM!
We will NOT accept reservations from anyone wanting to go out of the house before 7AM . It would mean we would have to wake up to unlock the door/gate and clean the dogs' "mess" outside as well as the dogs barking and waking up other guests and neighbors:(
We are an environmentally friendly home so we expect our guests to turn off lights when not in use. For safety reason, do not leave appliances/cellphone charging while you are out. Please conserve water! Baguio City rations water to 3 times a week so our supply comes from a tank.

Other things to note

After booking the room, PLEASE communicate by cellphone as well as thru Airbnb, we DO NOT have internet access if we are out of the house, therefore cannot respond to messages sent online.
We have a 10PM curfew; NO EXTENSION, For security, we lock the front door at 10PM. We hope our guests would have the courtesy to abide by our request. These rules are set for consideration and courtesy towards other guests as well as the host. We will NOT accept any guests wanting arrive before 8AM.
Check-in is strictly between 11AM and NO later than 5PM
Check-out is between 8- 10AM, ( NO leaving the house between 10PM-8AM )
The loft price is for 3 people.
beyond 3 people, there is an extra charge of P500 per person.
No children, since the loft is above our bedroom and children tend to be too noisy.
Any room change upon arrival will be charges a cleaning fee of P500 so please be sure to inform me ahead regarding the number of people or if you wish to change to a different room.
Breakfast is served from 8AM to 10AM in our dining room. We do NOT serve breakfast before 8AM.